README.md, before:

# Social Networking App

# Description:
This is a team project developed for our Software Engineering class at Boston University.  It was developed using the MEAN stack (Mongo, Express, Angular, and Node).

# Team Members:

* Arpita (arpita8@bu.edu)
* Ed (edorsini@gmail.com)
* Nick (nico.ww@gmail.com)
* Ravi (raviraj4@bu.edu)
* Rob (robgomez@bu.edu)
* Michael (michael_eskowitz@yahoo.com)
* Cory (coryds86@bu.edu)

# Requirements:

- Git _(must be installed)_
- install Brackets or preferred IDE

# Steps to install: 

Step 1: **`git clone https://github.com/edorsini/social-networking-app.git`**

Step 2: **`brew update`**

Step 3: **`brew upgrade`**

Step 4: **`brew install node`**

Step 5: **`brew install mongo`**

Step 6: **`npm install -g gulp bower`**

**Front-End:**

Step 7: Change directories: `cd front-end`, Then **`npm install`**

Step 8: **`bower install`** _(may need `npm config set prefix /usr/local` before this command)_

Step 9: **`gulp`**

**Back-End:**

Step 10: Change directories: `cd back-end`, Then **`npm install`**

# Steps to run the application:

**To run front-end:**

**`gulp serve`**

**To run back-end:**

- open a terminal and type **`mongod`** _(may need `sudo mongod` instead)_
- open another terminal and type **`mongo`** _(may need `sudo mongo` instead)_
- open another terminal and navigate to back end directory and type **`node server`**

Commit message:

Adding unit tests for front-end and back-end auth controllers

README.md, after:

# Social Networking App

# Description:
This is a team project developed for our Software Engineering class at Boston University.  It was developed using the MEAN stack (Mongo, Express, Angular, and Node).

# Team Members:

* Arpita (arpita8@bu.edu)
* Ed (edorsini@gmail.com)
* Nick (nico.ww@gmail.com)
* Ravi (raviraj4@bu.edu)
* Rob (robgomez@bu.edu)
* Michael (michael_eskowitz@yahoo.com)
* Cory (coryds86@bu.edu)

# Requirements:

- Git _(must be installed)_
- install Brackets or preferred IDE

# Steps to install: 

Step 1: **`git clone https://github.com/edorsini/social-networking-app.git`**

Step 2: **`brew update`**

Step 3: **`brew upgrade`**

Step 4: **`brew install node`**

Step 5: **`brew install mongo`**

Step 6: **`npm install -g gulp bower jasmine`**

**Front-End:**

Step 7: Change directories: `cd front-end`, Then **`npm install`**

Step 8: **`bower install`** _(may need `npm config set prefix /usr/local` before this command)_

Step 9: **`gulp`**

**Back-End:**

Step 10: Change directories: `cd back-end`, Then **`npm install`**

# Steps to run the application:

**To run front-end:**

**`gulp serve`**

**To run back-end:**

- open a terminal and type **`mongod`** _(may need `sudo mongod` instead)_
- open another terminal and type **`mongo`** _(may need `sudo mongo` instead)_
- open another terminal and navigate to back end directory and type **`node server`**

**To test front-end or back-end:**

Change to directory and run **`npm test`**
